docs: update README with information for Readeck authentication (#23)
mgaitan/readeckbot: README.md

> 📄 What’s a `.env` file? It's a simple file format for storing key=value pairs, that are loaded as [environment variables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_variable) by apps. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Keep in mind that, initially, **we will be working with two different 'tokens'**.
> 

> > On one hand, there's the one we set in the `.env` file for the **Telegram bot**, and then there's the authentication **token specific to Readeck**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> On one hand, there's the one we set in the `.env` file for the **Telegram bot**; on the other, there's the authentication **token specific to Readeck**.
```
